fix: adjacent code spans (#21160)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/box-shadow/index.md

- `inset`
  - : If not specified (default), the shadow is assumed to be a drop shadow (as if the box were raised above the content).
    The presence of the `inset` keyword changes the shadow to one inside the frame (as if the content was debossed inside the box). Inset shadows are drawn inside the border (even transparent ones), above the background, but below content.

> - `<offset-x>`, `<offset-y>`
>   - : These are two {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values to set the shadow offset. `<offset-x>` specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element. `<offset-y>` specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element. See {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} for possible units.
>     If both values are `0`, the shadow is placed behind the element (and may generate a blur effect if `<blur-radius>` and/or `<spread-radius>` is set).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<offset-x>`
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element. 
- `<offset-y>`
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element. 
    If both `<offset-x>` and `<offset-y>` are set to `0`, the shadow is placed behind the element (and may generate a blur effect if `<blur-radius>` and/or `<spread-radius>` is set).
```

Reviewer: The comma might make people think the syntax takes a comma, so just in case....

- `inset`
  - : If not specified (default), the shadow is assumed to be a drop shadow (as if the box were raised above the content).
    The presence of the `inset` keyword changes the shadow to one inside the frame (as if the content was debossed inside the box). Inset shadows are drawn inside the border (even transparent ones), above the background, but below content.
- `<offset-x>`
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element. 
- `<offset-y>`
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element. 

>     If both `<offset-x>` and `<offset-y>` are set to `0`, the shadow is placed behind the element (and may generate a blur effect if `<blur-radius>` and/or `<spread-radius>` is set).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    If both `<offset-x>` and `<offset-y>` are set to `0`, the shadow is placed behind the element (and may generate a blur effect if `<blur-radius>` and/or `<spread-radius>` is set).
```

- `inset`
  - : If not specified (default), the shadow is assumed to be a drop shadow (as if the box were raised above the content).
    The presence of the `inset` keyword changes the shadow to one inside the frame (as if the content was debossed inside the box). Inset shadows are drawn inside the border (even transparent ones), above the background, but below content.
- `<offset-x>`

>   - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element. 

Author: ```suggestion
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} value specifies the horizontal distance. Negative values place the shadow to the left of the element.
```

- `<offset-y>`

>   - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element. 

Author: ```suggestion
  - : The {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} values specifies the vertical distance. Negative values place the shadow above the element.
```
